Brother Long
Zhu Yihai's men are in the club
I caught her
Without me
you'd still be a bargirl
I'll kill you!
Jiao Jing
Jiao Jing!
Qian Huilian's
in the suitcase
Son of a bitch!
Don't let him get away!
Brother Fan
I've already called the cops.
Don't even think about running.
You? Stop me?
Don't think all your dirty deeds
will let you escape the law.
This time, you're not getting away.
The old man said it before.
Someone like you,
you don't deserve any kindness.
What?
You think you're qualified to lecture me?
Watch me prove I am.
This punch is for Sun Qian.
And this one,
that's for kidnapping Huilian!
This one's
for Jiao Jing.
For Dali.
For Ge Bing.
For Wei Wei.
Director Ge,
this is for treating lives like dirt!
Who else?
And this one's for my dad!
I don't even know your dad!
Mom!
I'm here to save you!
Zhu Yihai!
You ruined everything!
I'll kill you!
What are you doing here?
Your eye's fine, huh?
Long Xiao!
Don't play dead with me.
Get the hell up!
Where's Huilian?
Talk! Where's Qian Huilian?
Zhu Yihai!
If you beat him to death,
none of us will ever find Huilian.
You guys go look for her. Hurry!
Right.
Let's go!
Long Xiao,
just tell me,
where did you hide Qian Huilian?
I'm begging you, okay?
By five o'clock,
Qian Huilian will be dead!
Sun Qian.
Did you see Qian Huilian?
Any luck? Did you find her?
Zhu Yihai, I'm telling you,
if we can't find Huilian,
I'll kill you!
Kill me?
I'm more worried than you are!
All right, enough.
Forget about that for now.
Go find Huilian first.
Once the cops show up,
we'll be in trouble.
Leave this to us.
Go, now!
Officer!
Listen to me.
Brother Hai, Brother Hai is a good guy.
He helped us out.
We're the good guys.
You've gotta believe us.
Yihai, you're here.
How'd it go?
Long Xiao's been caught,
but where Long Xiao hid Qian Huilian,
I have no idea.
Dad.
Dahai,
you're one of our own.
I'll definitely help.
Attention, all factory workers!
Our worker Qian Huilian is missing.
All workers, drop what you're doing
and search for Qian Huilian.
Find her and get the Model Worker title.
That's perfect.
My chance has come.
Times create heroes.
Huilian!
Wait, this isn't right.
Long Xiao wouldn't hide her at his place.
Mom,
where on earth are you?
My dad did this, didn't he?
Old bastard.
You're really lucky.
Don't worry.
I'll definitely get her back for you.
Here's the plan.
I'll go give a statement to the police.
Let's split up and search.
Sound good?
Let's go.
Stop dawdling, everyone.
Hurry up and search.
Hey, hey, wait.
I think I just remembered something.
What did you remember?
Where's Brother Hai?
Let's hurry and find Brother Hai.
Go, go, go.
Move.
Lili.
You've gotta help me.
Help you find Qian Huilian?
Right.
You're the only one who can.
Is she really that important to you?
Of course she's important.
But she's been gone so long now.
Where are you gonna find her?
I've got it.
Let's go.
Why do you think she'd be here?
Ge Bing was tied up here before.
Long Xiao isn't from our factory.
He doesn't know that many places.
Then maybe she's not at the factory.
No, Lili.
Let me ask you this.
If you didn't want me to see Huilian,
what would you do?
I'd kill her right in front of you.
Exactly.
Long Xiao would use the cruelest way
to kill Qian Huilian in front of me.
She must be at the factory.
Brother Hai.
Dahai.
What is it, Dali?
Did you find her?
No.
She's anxious to find you.
I think I saw Long Xiao
dragging a suitcase out of the karaoke.
And then?
There is no "and then."
Isn't that useless?
Wait a minute.
If Long Xiao put Huilian in the suitcase,
he wouldn't run around town with it.
There's a clue in Long Xiao's car.
Let's go.
Hurry, Long Xiao's car.
There's probably a clue.
What's wrong, Wei Wei?
It's nothing, nothing.
I just need a moment.
If it's too much, go to the hospital.
Don't push yourself.
No way.
Just go.
Right now Huilian matters more than me.
Bro, I found something.
What did you find?
That sulfur smell, no doubt about it.
What does that mean?
This is blast furnace slag.
Forgot our factory used to make this?
We used to, but not anymore.
The formula was changed long ago.
We don't make this anymore.
I get it now.
Back when our factory shipped goods,
they always went through the old station.
Back then, this stuff was everywhere.
Let's go.
To the station.